hey everybody rob here from backpacking
adventures I'm gonna do a real quick
video on how to make the stove that I
use on my last night packing trip I've
had a few people request ask some
questions about it let's get this thing
done first let's do an overview on the
different things I use to build this
stove so just an easy tape measure
Sharpie pen I just cut a little template
that allows me to measure and Mark
around the can a little bit easier
utility knife pair of pliers
this is just a deburring tool that I
picked up for about $8 or $9 on Amazon I
make quite a few stoves and it just made
a little bit easier a little drill hand
drill a triangular bladed file pair of
scissors and this is the gutter crimper
I was speaking about and of course the
Red Bull can I start by making two marks
on the Red Bull can one an inch up from
the bottom and 1/2 inches down from the
top once that's done I just very easily
slide my little template I made up to
the mark and then quickly Mark around
both the 1 inch and the two inch mark
I just go ahead and Bend and take this
off now using my utility blade I just
score all along the top of this can
after a few passes I just take my pliers
begin to break the top off all along my
score mark the next part you can either
use the file or the deburring tool both
of them work just the same the most
difficult part is now done next I go
right into the seam edge and just drill
a small hole only two parts left I real
quick take my file and just cut in four
grooves now taking a pair of scissors
you just have to cut out on your two
lines
one step left before you can light it up
now taking the gutter crimpers I just go
through and crimp
the last step is to take your two
completed pieces simply fit them
together that's it
there's your stove now the fun part a
quick burn test
one cup is a half ounce of fuel two cups
is just under an ounce of fuel
one thing to note with this it is
important once the flame is lit to
immediately put the pot on top and leave
the paw on your stove the entire time
that it's burning it's better for the
stove that way and it'll last a long
time that's it simple way to make a
simple stove I call it the super stove
not much of a cold weather performer but
in the summertime it's real nice what
I'd like to do anybody that's a
subscriber to my channel on the 1st of
September I'm gonna go ahead and just
randomly choose somebody I'm gonna send
that stove to them and hopefully they
can enjoy it thanks have a great day